being too little or too big can
sometimes mean you're left out and even
a crusty old tanker like steamer feels
sad and lonely when it happens it's not
fair that big tankers like me aren't
allowed in the harbor I can't be with
the other boats and have fun like they
do I always get stuck out here alone
but steamer does have one pal maybe who
comes by to see him every time is
outside the hub hey what's up big guy
why so glum I miss having friends hey
I'm your friend
fine go I mean lots of friends well I'm
sure the others would like you if they
got to know you but how can they when
I'm stranded out here in the boondocks
hey how about this since you can't come
into the harbor we'll all come out I'll
go talk to the others now steamers so
excited you can hardly wait to see who
comes to visit so where is everybody
Wow i I've got some bad news no one
wants to meet me right no that's not it
captain star send everyone out to do
more work
nevermind ZB just forget it but the
others wanted to come they just couldn't
it's no use I can't go into the harbour
I'm sunk
we'll figure out something else but no
matter what Levy says can't do this
steamer that there's any other way to
make friends
so after they'd be late even though he
knows he should be more close i bank and
started sneaking towards the house as
the big tanker approaches a gusty wind
begins to blow
Timur wonders if he should disobey the
rules and go into the harbor Oh idiot
I just have to
but before he gets very hard steamer
sees happens the little Coast Guard
Cutter but I gotta get in no takers in
the harbor steamer you know that I stag
off limits
balloons you're too big
nor the harbour get me some help
but you said eat off limits this is an
emergency I give you special permission
but only go far enough to shout for help
I happy I'll do what you say the wind
blows strong at the stranded Coast Guard
Cutter wonders if steamer will find
someone in time to save them I'll do
exactly as Kevin said just poke my nose
in and call for help
sounds like steamer SEMA where are you
steamer you're not supposed to be in the
harbor but cap is in trouble
he sent me it's okay man it's true I was
heading into port looking for you and
the others but I ran into Kathy instead
and got in trouble right well sure I
forgot
Kathy the trouble be stuck on a rock
they need you to help him get off
where is he the other side of the cove
I'm off to the rescue
tied to hover the wind blows something
beep maybe fight to stay on course can't
be where are ya ahoy mate over here I'm
pinned against the wok
hang on Cappy I'm sayin Korey CB
you're tanned in pretty tight you'll
have to circle around and take it slow
that's the Webster's groans I can feel
it it's pushing me toward the rocks film
then scuttle back don't you worry Cathy
I know what I'm doing I just have to
figure out how to system between the
rocks and you'll be out of here before
you can say Todd good here's the plan
I'll swing by and tossed out a rope you
catch it and and sure enough levy safely
toes Cathy into the harbor thanks for
the rescue DB if you hadn't come along
I'd be drip one don't forget to steam it
he's dead me you're right then I was
pretty tough on them but rules are rules
and he was bright enough only because he
wants to make friends can be
that's why he was sneaking into the
lobby that's the reason huh
well I can understand I know what it's
like to be lonely hey Tina
Kat be still in dry dock for a pet but
he wants you to know that he's going to
report me for breaking the rules know
that he thanks you very much for helping
with the rescue he wants to know if he
can be your new first mate you tell him
he's welcome aboard anytime he wants